[THEME MUSIC]
>> JAY WEIDNER: Hi, everybody.
Jay Weidner here.
We are talking to Jason Rice.
Hey, Jason.
Thanks for joining us.
>> JASON RICE: Thank
you for having me, Jay.
>> JAY: Jason, you recently
got regressed hypnotically
by hypnotherapist
Georgina Cannon.
In that regression
session, you remembered
that you were on a ship
called the Heflem, right?
>> RICE: That's correct.
>> JAY: This is really an
important memory, then,
because you're pulling it out
of something that's a mystery
to you.
>> RICE: That's correct.
During the hypnosis process,
I recalled there being
a exposure to those memories.
The segmentation in my
recollections is closed off,
and I remembered
seeing what appeared
to be a door that was open
and then closed real quickly.
And so being able to get the
Heflem information, which
I had not recalled
until the hypnosis,
was fantastic, because the
majority of my memories
have been from the
second 20 and back.
And so a lot of the memories
that I've had return
from my first 20 and back have
to do with the training leading
up to it.
>> JAY: So just briefly,
because you don't have a lot
of memories, but can you
describe the inside of that
ship?
You said you never
saw the outside,
but can you give us some
details about the inside
that you remember?
>> RICE: It resembles the
inside of a US Navy ship in that
it's cramped.
There's lots of
pipes and utilities
overhead, bulkheads that
are painted, in this case,
you know, lime green, or
they're cream colored.
>> JAY: Do they have, like, the
doors that have the wheel that
turns and seals the door?
>> RICE: No, the
doors were automatic.
>> JAY: They sealed
automatically.
>> RICE: Sealed automatically.
>> JAY: So it was,
like, an advanced ship.
>> RICE: Correct.
And if you got closed off in the
wrong place at the wrong time,
and so be it.
>> JAY: It should be pointed
out that William Tompkins,
the insider who recently passed,
he reminds us that they used
a Naval technology in the
initial Secret Space Program,
including submarine technology,
because subs were already
sealed off.
So they could be used in
outer space quite quickly.
So looks like you were just in
an advanced version of ships
that were out there.
>> RICE: That's correct.
And this would have been
around 1985, '86 timeframe.
>> JAY: Very beginning
of Solar Warden.
>> RICE: Yes.
And one of the first
editions of the SSP ships
that they would have launched.
>> JAY: That's right.
You remember what the crew
is like that you served with
or what your missions
were, anything?
>> RICE: I don't recall any
of the missions at this time.
And, again, I think it gets
into some of that higher self,
determining what and
when it's appropriate.
The memories that I have
recalled from my training
leading up to this
20 and back were
based on a lot of
trauma training,
and so being put through
every imaginable kind of death
that somebody can
go through is part
of your training experience.
I have a pretty
strong indication
that my higher self has
said, OK, it's not time yet.
The crew that I was working
with were other humans.
I don't recall there being--
at this time, anyway--
aliens or any other EBEs
that I had interacted with.
Doesn't mean I didn't.
I just-- I haven't
recalled it yet.
>> JAY: OK.
Fair enough.
Let's get back to
Planet One, where
you were battling these
werewolf creatures,
and we've learned that you
were involved in something
you called Combat Darwinism,
in which both sides were
manipulating you and the
enemy for reasons that
were political, essentially.
>> RICE: Yes.
>> JAY: And changing the
culture of the planet so it fit
in to the way that
the Cabal operates.
>> RICE: That's correct.
The Draco were setting
up their own version
of this planetary Cabal
for their purposes.
The Earth's Cabal involvement
on this and other planets
was strictly from the
standpoint of they
provided soldiers,
ground troops.
The Mars Germans provided that
the Naval ships, as well as
the Naval officers and crew.
So the Cabal that was
established and set up
on these local planets
are what the Draco were
using as their proxies, and I
imagine that they were setting
them up very similar to
what they had done and have
accomplished here as far
as setting up the division
and being able to create
societies where they have
a divided society of elites
that think that they are better
than the others and that they
have these rights that exceed
others and that they can
take advantage of the others.
>> JAY: It's interesting.
The elites still stay within the
boundaries of contract and law,
even though they're doing
things that are despicable.
They still have a
law and order setup.
They're criminals who are
following a code of conduct.
>> RICE: Yes.
Even among the thieves, they
have their own code of conduct
that they have to follow.
And I suspect that
a lot of that has
to do with the guidelines
that are set up for them based
on the Dracos' end game and
what they eventually want
and how they want it done.
In order for them to have
their power and their illusion
of control, they have to have
certain guidelines followed,
and so those guidelines
require that their proxies,
no matter how despicable it
is and the truly evil things
that they're doing, they have
to follow those guidelines.
>> JAY: You've told us at the
Draco are allied with the Mars
Germans.
Are the Draco also
allied with the Cabal,
and aren't the Mars Germans
and the Cabal enemies?
>> RICE: Yes and no.
Again, when it comes time to
having a need for something--
the Cabal needed a moon base.
And in order to take over
the Mars Germans' lease,
they had to provide the two
divisions of ground troops.
And so that puts them in bed
with each other as allies
to an extent, even though
they'd been fighting mercilessly
for the previous 50 to 60
years over, you know, Earth.
>> JAY: And so the Germans
manipulated the Cabal,
in a way.
>> RICE: Yes, they did.
>> JAY: Very cleverly.
>> RICE: Very cleverly, and
that has been going on since
the time that the Mars
Germans established themselves
in Antarctica and established
themselves with greater
technology and basically
bent the Cabal over a barrel
and told them the terms that
they were going to accept.
>> JAY: The Germans are OK with
the Cabal going and conquering
these worlds and establishing
their own culture?
>> RICE: They're OK with it,
because the command structure
is held entirely
by Mars Germans.
>> JAY: Just what they did in
the United States at the end
of World War II.
>> RICE: As part of the
requirement for those two
divisions, the 24,000 troops,
none of them are above the rank
of major, which means that any
battalion commander is going
to be a Mars German.
Any brigade commander,
any of the generals,
any full colonels, all
of the command staff
and structure in the Navy,
they're all Mars Germans.
They call all the shots.
They make all the
command decisions.
The largest command
that could be
held by any of the
Earth humans was
that of a company commander.
>> JAY: Would it be
fair to say, then,
that the Germans are actually
conquering all these planets?
>> RICE: It could be said that
the Germans are conquering
these planets for their bosses.
They eventually have to pull
out and leave those systems,
and when they leave
those systems,
they have to leave them with a
certain amount of self-control,
if you will, in
which they are still
controlling those local Cabals.
Essentially, this is
what repeated in Vietnam,
where they go and
they take over,
they conquer, and
then they leave.
And they leave it up to whoever
is there and left in place
as the new proxies of the
Draco under the full command
and control of their
required contracts
in order to meet the
requirements for us
to come in and help them.
>> JAY: So is the ultimate game
plan conquering the universe
by the Dracos or what?
>> RICE: I believe that that's
what they would like nothing
better than to do.
They don't have the resources
to do it all at once,
and they have agreements
and galactic treaties
that they have to follow until
such point that they have,
in their minds, the strength in
which they can get out of it.
>> JAY: All right.
I'll get into an area that you
may not know anything about.
If you don't, just say
that you don't, and go on.
>> RICE: Sure.
>> JAY: It is apparent to me
that the Draco wants something
from us, that we possess
something that they want.
And I was wondering if,
in all of your adventures
and all of this, did you ever
come up against the reason
why the Draco are so interested
in conquering planets
with humanoids on them?
>> RICE: You know, to answer
your question, you know,
what is it that the Draco
are looking to get out
of the humans?
We will revisit this
on another episode,
but the short
answer is that there
are certain spiritual aspects of
humanity that the Draco covet.
And we'll come back to that,
I think, in another episode.
>> JAY: All right.
Let's get back to Planet One.
You've just finished
this first battle.
You now have intel beyond
any shadow of a doubt
that you're battling a creature
that is ferocious, dangerous,
and you're probably demanding
more and higher weapons
so that you can defeat
them in this war.
And, again, it's
combat Darwinism,
so you're not sure what
you're going to actually get,
what kind of help you're
actually going to get, right?
>> RICE: Right.
That's correct.
You know, part of the Mars
Germans' setup for the command
structure and the
training on these units
was that they would not
take any trainers that
had not been deployed on
planet or in combat zones.
So if you were
training, that meant
that you had already survived
one-- at least one deployment.
And so that was their
requirement and that,
if you survived it, then
you were qualified to teach.
And so, when we got back
after that first contact,
and we started asking
questions, that
came back very quickly that
that was above our pay grade.
Don't ask those questions.
Deal with what you've
got using what you have.
Your mission here is
to train these people
to defend their planet.
You're not going
to get permission
to use advanced technology.
You're not going to
get the tools that
are sitting right over
there on the other side
of that fence that would make
it easier and save more lives.
>> JAY: And this was done
because you didn't want
the locals to find out
about your high weapons.
>> RICE: That's what they told
us is that they didn't want
to disturb or disrupt the normal
progression anymore than we
already were by introducing
advanced technologies.
>> JAY: In a way, that's
actually a good idea.
>> RICE: It is.
>> JAY: You can really screw up
a people by advancing them too
quickly.
>> RICE: It wasn't
the real reason.
>> JAY: Yeah.
It's not the real reason,
but it is a good reason.
>> RICE: Sure.
>> JAY: All right.
So now you're back.
Are you now going
to become a teacher?
>> RICE: No, no, no.
I stayed there for the
duration of the four years
in which we were fighting.
>> JAY: How many battles were
you involved in on Planet One?
Countless?
>> RICE: Countless.
Countless.
Over a period of--
>> JAY: Did you
ever get hurt badly?
>> RICE: 47 months.
Not during this deployment.
I was injured regularly, be it
cuts or scrapes or deep wounds.
The nano-enhancement
therapies that we
were provided allow
for quick regeneration,
so the eight or nine
inch gash that I'd
received on my right arm for
that first combat experience
was already starting to heal
up by the end of that day.
>> JAY: Did it scar?
>> RICE: No.
>> JAY: So when you came
back from the 20 and back,
you wouldn't have had any--
>> RICE: No.
The nano-enhancement
therapies made sure of that.
I had scars at other
times that have come back
that are mysterious, and
where'd they come from?
Why are they there?
>> JAY: Really?
>> RICE: But some of them have
to do with the amount of time
in between when you're injured
and when the healing starts.
>> JAY: Right.
And this war you were
involved in for 47 months?
>> RICE: That's correct.
>> JAY: Did the war end
at the end of 47 months?
>> RICE: The end of the war--
we defeated the last
of the invading units.
And just like the
prior 47 months,
we weren't sure if
there were going
to be any more that show up
or any others that, you know,
leaked through the
Naval blockade.
And so it was a wait to see if
there is another one, a wait
to see if we had any more.
At the end of those
47 months, my unit
was redeployed to Callidus 3.
And so--
>> JAY: You never knew.
>> RICE: --I never knew.
I don't know.
I suspect that it was
over, because they wouldn't
have pulled out my
unit at that time
to redeploy us to another
planet to start preparations
for getting another planet
ready for the invasion.
>> JAY: This planet, Planet
Number One, when you arrived,
it was a semi rural--
not a lot of big
cities, and cities
weren't really highly
developed or anything.
Probably kind of a
nice place to be.
>> RICE: It was a
beautiful place.
>> JAY: Yeah.
And at the end,
what was it like?
Did it change?
What happened to the people?
>> RICE: Sadly, it changed
tremendously over those four
years.
When we first
arrived, the indigs
had a certain amount
of technology.
As I had mentioned
before, they were
able to tap into their
planetary electric grid,
if you will, and were able to
use some of the electricity
from the planet itself for
their building generations.
And so they also had batteries.
They had a form of railroad
that they used between cities.
Most of their work
was done by muscle.
They didn't have much in
the way of draft animals.
They had lived a very simple,
civilized, barter type
lifestyle.
When it was time
for us to leave,
there were such large areas
that were just devastated.
Totally devastated.
I mean, from rubble.
There wasn't a single
continent on the entire planet
that hadn't been ravaged
by the four years of war.
So when I left that planet,
the people were very changed.
Of course, they
were never the same.
They weren't going to
ever be able to go back
to a barter style of
life, a civilization that
had polytheistic beliefs.
They were very simple.
They had clan-type arrangements
for most of their governments.
It was very organized, and
everybody seemed to get along.
Like I said, it
was just one place
that actually still had weapons
that were in production.
And I suspect that that was
done because there were plans
for the eventual invasion.
And so there was a reason behind
it that went back probably
decades.
>> JAY: In the 1930s
in Europe, Mussolini,
the fascist dictator, decided
that he wanted to change Italy
from a semi rural environment
to a highly urban,
high tech society, and he
used extreme fascist powers
to accomplish this
and killed many, many,
many people in the process,
not to mention helping to start
World War II.
And, eventually, at the
end of World War II,
Italy was indeed
a modern country.
So Mussolini, in
fact, accomplished
what he set out to accomplish,
which was to do this.
And it sounds like the Cabal
is using these same tactics.
>> RICE: Same ones were
used, bringing people in from
the agrarian, agricultural based
civilization out in, you know,
the non developed
parts of the planet.
If they didn't die
outright during the war,
they were brought
into a city, helped.
>> JAY: And the reason would be,
in some ways, the semi rural,
agrarian culture can
take care of itself.
It doesn't need anybody.
And so you'd want
to cut that-- if you
wanted to control people,
you'd want to cut that out.
Isn't that true?
>> RICE: That's exactly right.
Part of the process
was bringing them
into the fold out of the fields.
>> JAY: So it became more of an
urban type of environment after
you guys got done
messing everything up.
>> RICE: Yes, it did.
After we were finished
messing everything up,
it was more urbanized.
Same thing happened on the
Callidus 3, Planet Two,
the starts of it
on Planet Three.
>> JAY: In a lot of ways, you
were being kept in the dark
about what you
were really doing.
You figured out a
lot of it later,
talking to your buddies and
stuff and comparing notes.
But at this stage on Planet One,
you were probably very confused
about what you were
doing, and they kept you
in that confusion.
>> RICE: Very young,
very idealistic.
We were there to help save them.
We were kept in the dark.
If this information was widely
known throughout the units,
they would have had
massive upheaval.
They would have had revolts,
mutinies, quite simply.
So they kept us in the dark.
And when we did
ask questions, we
were told it was
above our pay grade.
>> JAY: Did anybody ever get out
of line in your military units?
>> RICE: Sure.
>> JAY: What were
the punishments?
It would be the Germans,
right, that would be--
>> RICE: Yes.
It would be the Germans,
the Mars Germans,
meting out any of
the punishments.
They weren't allowed
to kill us outright.
We also had protocols that
prevented them from mind wiping
us, but that didn't mean
that the Cabal didn't
put in place certain protocols
that allowed the Earth units
to mind wipe certain things.
>> JAY: And so it would either
fall into a category of, hey,
were we mind wiped
by our own units?
Or we'd go through
the normal Uniform
Code of Military
Justice for punishment,
no confinement to
quarters, or confinement
to brig, or cut in pay or
grade, any number of things
that they would do, or
extra duty, extra details.
>> RICE: As I mentioned earlier,
one of the punishments that we
received for helping the local
civilians during the Area 2 6
KEW attack was that we were not
allowed the replacements during
the time that we were having
to help clean up the aftermath
of that KEW attack.
And so, you know, the other 60%
of my platoon that was there,
we all had to put forward
extra effort and extra work,
because we were missing the
replacements of the people that
had died or were never found.
And that was a punishment.
You're not getting new
people until you redeploy
to the next place, because you
were so interested in helping
those effing civilians.
>> JAY: KEW is a
Kinetic Energy Weapon.
>> RICE: That's correct.
>> JAY: You're about to be
deployed from this planet,
going to Planet Number Two,
where you're going to have some
more incredible stories for us.
But just to finish
up with Planet One,
it wasn't designated Planet
One by anybody but you
for the interest of us
being able to understand
where you were.
Yeah.
Keep track of the story.
So on Planet One,
were there anything--
besides the battle and the
people, the nice people,
and the ferocious
wolf creatures--
were there any interesting
flora and fauna
that you saw on this planet,
and can you describe some of it?
>> RICE: Certainly.
One of the things that
I realized quite quickly
was that the diversity
of life on that planet,
as well as the next two, wasn't
nearly like what you see here
on Earth.
I remember being really
surprised at that.
And I didn't give it
much thought at the time,
but looking back now,
I remember seeing
that there were near pines.
There were trees
that were like oak.
There were trees that
were evergreens, conifers.
You had, you know, all
the freshwater fish
that we'd encountered.
Everything-- they
have very similar
analogs that I've seen here.
I mean, there was a lot of life.
Make no mistake.
It wasn't a barren planet.
There were no deserts.
I do you remember that.
There were large areas that
were completely uninhabited.
It had arctic regions.
It didn't have much life
above the 60 degree level
or below the 60 degree level.
But the rest of it
was teeming with life.
It just didn't have as
much diversification
as we're used to
seeing here on Earth.
>> JAY: Were animals
quadruped for the most part?
>> RICE: They had birds.
They had quadrupedal animals.
None of the animals
that I recall
were two legged, so bipedal.
>> JAY: Do you have a
reason why the animal life
wasn't as diverse as it is here?
>> RICE: My suspicion is that
because Earth is a unique case,
a unique Petri dish, in which
you have a lot of competing
elements that are trying
to work towards a goal,
and that goal being, which of
their pet projects is going
to generate life that has a
better chance of ascension?
The Earth is a place
where there are
a lot of competing interests
in creating life or changing
or modifying or altering life
here through modification
of DNA or bringing life in.
I mean, you could look at
any number of species that
have no historical origins.
Where'd they come from?
There's nothing in
the historical records
on, you know, how
did they proceed?
How are they progressing?
Where do they come from?
It's like they just popped up.
They just came out of nowhere.
And so Earth being the
special place that it is--
it truly is--
and that, you know, there were a
number of tests and experiments
here to see which of the
lifeforms, be it aquatic
or land or, you know, you name
it, it started a long time ago.
>> JAY: Do we know who the
people or creatures that are
doing this experiment on
Earth, on the people of Earth?
>> RICE: We do.
We have an idea on who
the different races are,
based, again, on some
of the history that they
did tell us and teach
us in the training.
>> JAY: You said that the
ultimate goal of the experiment
here on Earth is to create
a creature that can ascend?
>> RICE: That has higher
chances of ascension.
>> JAY: And what do
you mean by ascension?
>> RICE: A higher spiritual
connection is the way that it
was explained to us.
>> JAY: Do the Draco
have a soul or spirit?
>> RICE: I believe
that they once did.
However, their
involvement with the AI
means that they are so heavily
invested in machine or computer
type technology that that's
a good question, whether they
still do.
I mean, are they
mostly machine now?
Yes.
Do they still have--
do they have a soul?
I don't know that answer.
>> JAY: So you think the
Draco are mostly machine now.
>> RICE: I think that they're
so infected and infested with AI
and nanites that the
question can be asked,
are they really a
biological being,
or are they just that
appearance, a shell?
>> JAY: Wow.
You have the advantage of
having the nanites in you,
but the locals didn't have
the nanites in them, I think.
So weren't they at a
distinct disadvantage,
fighting alongside you?
>> RICE: A huge disadvantage.
Yes.
And that's why there are so
many of them that were lost.
They could not even come
close to standing up,
and they were smaller
than us Earth humans.
So, no, they didn't
stand much of a chance
at all in hand-to-hand
combat with these werewolves.
>> JAY: Would it be fair to
say that there is a number
of experiments that are
probably going on Earth?
>> RICE: Yes.
Yes, it would be fair
to say that there
are a number of experiments
occurring here on this planet.
>> JAY: And each experiment is
trying to accomplish something
different, wouldn't you say?
>> RICE: Yes.
Each of the races that are
doing their own experimentation,
whether it's on a
certain type of fungus
or on a particular
invertebrate species
or whether it's with the
humans, they each have
their own agendas and their
own goals for what they want
and how they want to see
their projects succeed.
>> JAY: And one of these outside
ET groups that's experimenting
on Earth is trying to develop a
creature that you said would be
able to ascend.
>> RICE: Yes.
The way it was explained
to us was that--
and I happen to believe
that this part was not
a disinformation campaign--
and that what
they're wanting to do
is to create a life
form that has a stronger
spiritual connection
to the creator.
And, in that, they want to be
able to speed up the ascension
process, because, you know,
this life that we see here
is really one of the lower
ends of the life spectrum,
if you will.
And so seeing a being
progress through higher levels
of existence, of consciousness,
is what their goal is.
They're wanting to be
able to assist with that.
Now, humans will look
at that and say, gosh,
they're tinkering.
Well, yeah.
They're definitely tinkering.
Well, how much
tinkering did they do?
Well, how much tinkering does
it take to move from a primate
to modern man?
>> JAY: And so these ETs that
are behind this particular
experiment must be benevolent.
>> RICE: That is a
great question, Jay.
And define benevolent.
You know, does our existing
consciousness and understanding
really understand
what their goals are?
What are their goals?
We don't even know
what their goals are.
Are they looking to help with
this spiritual progression
because they want to co-opt?
Do they want to do it
out of just the goodness
of their hearts?
We don't really know that.
And I suspect that
we won't really
find out those answers
until humanity makes
its own step to the next level.
Are they benevolent or not?
I believe that a
number of them are.
Absolutely.
The definition of
benevolence is what
really comes into
question, because, you
know, you ask one person, and
you'll get one definition.
You ask another person,
you get another definition.
And so is making a
person, you know,
more resilient to cold
weather, does that
mean that they're benevolent?
Does making a person
more spiritually
connected to the creator?
In what way?
And there are losses.
There are tradeoffs.
If you increase one
thing, you have to give up
something in another area.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and Secret Space Programs.
>> Once any extraterrestrial
manifests itself in 3D,
they still fall under the laws
of our three-dimensional space.
So they're not bulletproof.
>> RICE: It was the insectoids
that had taken shots
at the shuttle that I was on.
>> JAY: And they brought
the shuttle down?
>> RICE: They brought
the shuttle down.
>> JAY: And you were in it?
>> RICE: I was in it.
Crashed.
>> So I think that there
were doing hybrids to order--
you know, I really
think they were.
Custom hybrids.
>> They were doing
custom hybrids.
[THEME MUSIC]